"Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does."-William James
"Believe you can and you're halfway there."-Theodore Roosevelt
"Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving."-Albert Einstein
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream."-C.S. Lewis
"It is never too late to be what you might have been."-George Eliot
"Some people look for a beautiful place. Others make a place beautiful."-Hazrat Inayat Khan
"We must be willing to let go of the life we planned so as to have the life that is waiting for us."-Joseph Campbell
"Happiness is not by chance, but by choice."-Jim Rohn
"If I cannot do great things, I can do small things in a great way."– Martin Luther King, Jr.
"My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive."– Maya Angelou
"You are enough just as you are."– Meghan Markle
"The bad news is time flies. The good news is you're the pilot."– Michael Altshuler
"You make a life out of what you have, not what you're missing."– Kate Morton, The Forgotten Garden
"There are years that ask questions and years that answer."– Zora Neale Hurston, Their Eyes Were Watching God
"All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us."– J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring
"At first people refuse to believe that a strange new thing can be done, then they begin to hope it can be done, then they see it can be done—then it is done and all the world wonders why it was not done centuries ago."– Frances Hodgson Burnett, The Secret Garden
"Each of us is more than the worst thing we've ever done."– Bryan Stevenson, Just Mercy
"That is one good thing about this world ... there are always sure to be more springs."– L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Avonlea
"These things are good things."– Dr. Seuss, The Cat in the Hat
"Pay attention to the present, you can improve upon it."– Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist
"Be yourself; everyone else is already taken."– Oscar Wilde
"Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring."– Marilyn Monroe
"You cannot change what you are, only what you do."– Philip Pullman, The Golden Compass
"Thou must gather thine own sunshine."– Nathaniel Hawthorne, The Scarlet Letter
"It is not enough to have a good mind; the important thing is to use it well."– Rene Descartes
"People begin to become successful the minute they decide to be."– Harvey Mackay
"Walk to your goal firmly and with bold steps."– Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet
"Every strike brings me closer to the next home run."– Babe Ruth
"Concentrate all your thoughts upon the work in hand. The Sun's rays do not burn until brought to a focus."– Alexander Graham Bell
"Lay plans for something big by starting with it when small."– Lao Tzu